docs: clarify the defaults for microservice imports (#7903)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/database_import.md

  database via the `postImportApplicationSQL` parameter
- execution of `ANALYZE VERBOSE` on the imported database

In the below figure, a single PostgreSQL cluster with N databases is imported
into separate CloudNativePG clusters, each using a microservice import
for one of the N source databases.

> 

Author: I've added this paragraph because in the image the source cluster has the legend "MONOLITH", so there is potential for confusion.
Can the image be corrected?

- Only one database can be specified inside the `initdb.import.databases` array
- Roles are not imported - and as such they cannot be specified inside `initdb.import.roles`

!!! Hint
    The microservice approach follows CloudNativePG conventions and defaults for
    the destination cluster.

>     Notably, if you don't explicitly set `initdb.database` or `initdb.owner` for
>     the destination cluster, the default of `app` will be used for both, and
>     your chosen source database may be renamed to `app`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notably , If you don’t set `initdb.database` or `initdb.owner` for the destination cluster, both will default to app. This means your original database and owner will be renamed to app.
```

Reviewer: ok sorry for that i have not noticed formatting. My only doubt is I think this part `your chosen source database may be renamed to app.` is not a possibility, it's acutal behaviour

Author: Unless your chosen database is `app`

Reviewer: ok cool that's correct as well. Rest LGTM. Thanks for this PR.

Reviewer: updated. Thanks . If you move further on your own if this suggested changes still have some issue. I mean you can make changes directly to your PR.

>     your chosen source database may be renamed to `app`.

Reviewer: ok sorry i missed that formatting part .  I think this part is actual behaviour not a possibility
